Thank you very much. Thank you, Minnesota. This is a great state. We are going to win this state in a very short period of time. Thank you. This feels like the day before the election. So we have 20,000 plus people inside. We just set a new record and we have 25,000 people that we still love outside and close to 100,000 people wanted to come tonight.


Thank you, all. This is great. This is great. Thank you. I want to thank our great Vice President, Mike Pence and Karen Pence for being here tonight. It is great to be back in the Twin Cities with the freedom-loving American patriots who make our country run. You know that. You know it. For the next 13 months, think of that, it seems like yesterday

For the next 13 months, we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul, and we are going to win the great state of Minnesota in 2020. America now has the number one economy anywhere in the world, and it's not even close. You know I'm dealing with China right now. They're in Washington, we're going to see we make a deal, but they want to make it. We're going to determine whether or not we want to make it. But they've been very nice, and today, I got a call from one of the top representatives.

He said congratulations, Mr. President, on having a truly great, great economy. That's pretty nice. We picked up since the election trillions of dollars in value and China has lost trillions of dollars in value. I will say this: if our opponent had won that election, you know what would have happened? Right now China would become the night -- it would be the number one economy anywhere in the world.

And right now I can tell you, they're not even close. Our country is stronger than ever before because we are proudly putting, for the first time in a long time, we are putting America first. [Audience chants "USA"] And I have to say, there are a lot of very beautiful red T-shirts in the audience. That was a record sale.

They did very well and I'll tell you what, cops love Trump, Trump loves cops. Our bold pursuit of this pro-American agenda has enraged, and you know what's happened, it's enraged the failed ruling-class in Washington, not easy to get them out, but we're doing it slowly but surely. These corrupt politicians and the radical leftist got rich bleeding America dry and they knew that by-election would finally end their pillaging and looting of our country.

And that's what they were doing and that's what they continue to try and do. That is why from day one the wretched Washington swamp has been trying to nullify the results of a truly great and Democratic election, the election of 2016. They're trying, they're not getting very far. They want to erase your vote like it, never existed.

[Audience shouts "Boo"] They want to erase your voice and they want to erase your future, but they will fail because in America the people rule again. Do you remember that just 19 minutes after I raised my hand and took the oath of office, the Washington Post, a terrible newspaper that doesn't know how to write the truth, published a story, and in this case they might have gotten it pretty correct?

They said the campaign to impeach President Trump has begun. That was the headline. [Audience shouts "Boo"] Little did we know they weren't playing. Think of that. That was 19 minutes after the oath of office, months earlier, Peter Strzok [Audience shouts "Boo"] remember he and his lover, Lisa Page. What a group.

She's going to win, 10 million to one, she's going to win. I'm telling you, Peter. I'm telling you, Peter, she's going to win, Peter. Oh, I love you so much. I love you, Peter. I love you too, Lisa. Lisa, lisa, oh God, I love you, Lisa. And if she doesn't win Lisa, we've got an insurance policy Lisa. We'll get that son of a bitch out.

We got an insurance -- and we're living through the insurance policy. That's what it is. The phony Russia hoax. [Audience shouts "Boo"] Lisa, I love you. Now the do-nothing Democrat con artists and scammers are getting desperate. Thirteen months, they got to move fast because they're not beating us at the polls and they know it despite the phony, despite the phony polls that you see all the time.
